(DOCSP-12745) Fixing errors (#82)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/terminology/terms-for-global-audience.txt

     - Examples

   * - abort

>      - v

Author: Just that it was what Rackspace did. I can replace all of that in a separate PR, if that's OK.

>      - v

Reviewer: Thanks for the context, I'm fine with that.

names that represent a variety of ethnic backgrounds, genders, and
locations.

.. _oppressive-language:

Use Non-Oppressive Language
---------------------------

> Language choice deals in connotation. To ignore that ignores the power

Author: Added the definition link. We're saying that words can have an implied meaning in addition to its stated meaning.

> Language choice deals in connotation. To ignore that ignores the power

Reviewer: I still can't wrap my head around the first two sentences and I don't think adding a definition is the right solution.

> Language choice deal in connotation. To ignore that ignores the power
> of speech and writing. Consistent with our goal of empowering everyone
> to use our technology, we must consider our use of terms that have been
> identified as racist, sexist, or otherwise oppressive. Some terms lack
> any ambiguity as to whether or not they are racist.

Reviewer 2: This feels a little unnecessarily obfuscated. How about:
```suggestion
Consistent with our goal of empowering everyone
to use our technology, we must consider the 
connotation of the words we use and avoid terms 
that have been identified as racist, sexist, or 
otherwise oppressive. Some terms lack any ambiguity 
as to whether or not they are racist.
```

Author: Still a bit wordy. Substituting:
```
Language choice deals in connotation. To ignore that ignores the power of speech and writing. MongoDB wants to empower everyone to use our technology. Keeping with that goal, we must consider our use of terms identified as racist, sexist, or otherwise oppressive. Some terms lack any ambiguity; they're racist. 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't see this change?

> The following table lists the terms to be avoided and their acceptable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists terms to avoid and some acceptable
```

alternatives.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 10 20 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Term
     - Part
     - Alternative
     - Examples

   * - blacklist
     - v

>      - remove, deny, block (access)

Author: We use "remove from access list" and "add to access list" in the docs right now. That's what was decided as acceptable terms. See this PR for details: https://github.com/10gen/cloud-docs/pull/1856

>      - remove, deny, block (access)

Reviewer: Can we add those phrases instead? That is much clearer to me.

     - MongoDB Atlas denies that IP address access to the database.

   * - blacklist
     - n

>      - access list, blocklist

Author: We actually use "access list". It's not my preference (I like block list or deny list), but it's [in the docs now](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/security/ip-access-list/index.html).

>      - access list, blocklist

Reviewer: I don't think your reply addressed either of my points above.

I do not understand how "access list" is an alternative for blacklist.

I asked if an alternative for blacklist is either "block list" or "blocklist". There is no space in the PR and a space in your comment.

>      - access list, blocklist

Author: 1. The current documentation uses "access list" as a replacement for whitelist _and_ blacklist. It's just an access list now.
2. I grabbed "blocklist" from the [IETF RFC](https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-knodel-terminology-00.html) on this topic to have something else besides _just_ access list. Again, I don't think "access list" is the best choice, but it is what we use for our documentation and user interface. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/706219/97521376-77fa0080-196b-11eb-81a3-b777a7ec6e42.png)

>      - access list, blocklist

Reviewer: Ok, thanks for the clarification. Worth adding a note that we currently use "access list" as a replacement for both?

     - That IP address has been removed from the access list to the
       **shipwreck** database.

   * - master
     - n, adj
     - primary, active, coordinator
     - Replica sets have one primary and two or more secondary nodes.

   * - slave
     - n, adj
     - subordinate, secondary, standby, replica, worker
     - Replica sets have one primary and two or more secondary nodes.

   * - slave
     - v
     - subordinate

>      - You can subordinate one node to another.

Author: We don't use it, correct. I know that the phrase of "slaving" a device to another is known concept. I'm covering for future possibilities.

>      - You can subordinate one node to another.

Reviewer: I would prefer to include advice on how we currently do things, like discourage using it as a verb.

>      - Replica sets have one primary and two or more secondary nodes.

Reviewer 2: Should this be an example with verb usage?

   * - whitelist
     - v

>      - add, allow, permit (access)

Author: Yeah, same as above. The accepted phrasing is "add to access list" and "remove from access list".

>      - add, allow, permit (access)

Reviewer: Can we add those phrases instead? That is much clearer to me.

names that represent a variety of ethnic backgrounds, genders, and
locations.

.. _oppressive-language:

Use Non-Oppressive Language
---------------------------

> The words you choose can have meanings separate from its dictionary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The words you choose can have meanings separate from their dictionary
```

> definition. To ignore that ignores the power of speech and writing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
definitions. To ignore that ignores the power of speech and writing.
```

MongoDB wants to empower everyone to use our technology. Keeping with
that goal, we must consider our use of terms identified as racist,
sexist, or otherwise oppressive. Some terms lack any ambiguity; they're
racist.

The following table lists terms to avoid and some acceptable
alternatives.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 10 20 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Term
     - Part
     - Alternatives
     - Examples

   * - black hat
     - adj
     - unethical
     - MongoDB discourages unethical hacking of its databases.

   * - blacklist
     - v
     - remove (from an access list), deny (access to),
       block (access to)
     - MongoDB Atlas denies that IP address access to the database.

   * - blacklist
     - n
     - access list, blocklist, exclude list

>      - That IP address has been removed from the access list to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - That IP address has been removed from the access list for the
```

       **shipwreck** database.

   * - master
     - n, adj
     - primary, active, coordinator
     - Replica sets have one primary and two or more secondary members.

   * - slave
     - n, adj
     - secondary, standby, subordinate, replica, worker
     - Replica sets have one primary and two or more secondary members.

   * - slave
     - v
     - subordinate
     - This slower hard drive has been subordinated to this faster hard
       drive for backup purposes.

       .. note::

          Docs discourages using either term as a verb. This is
          included to account for possible usage.

   * - white hat
     - adj
     - ethical
     - MongoDB understands that you may need to conduct ethical hacking
       to test the security of your databases.

   * - whitelist
     - v
     - add (to an access list), allow (access to), permit (access to)
     - MongoDB Atlas allows that IP address to access to the database.

   * - whitelist
     - n
     - access list, allow list, allowed list

>      - That IP address has been added from the access list to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - That IP address has been added from the access list for the
```
